docs(learn): point to 'server-side learn pathway' in web server intro (#27452)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/common_questions/web_mechanics/what_is_a_web_server/index.md

The term _dynamic_ means that the server processes the content or even generates it on the fly from a database. This approach provides more flexibility, but the technical stack is more complex, making it dramatically more challenging to build a website.

> There are many off-the-shelf application server technologies specialized for different purposes, so it's hard to suggest any particular one. Some application servers are designed to host and manage blogs, wikis, or e-commerce solutions, while others are more generic. If you're building a dynamic website, take the time to research your requirements and try a technology that you think fits best. If you're a beginner, it's unlikely that you would need to develop an application server from scratch because of the many options available that you can configure for your needs instead of designing from the ground up. If you'd like to experiment with building a server, take a look through the resources in the [Server-side website programming](/en-US/docs/Learn/Server-side) learning pathway.

Reviewer: Server-side programming uses an application server and builds business logic with it. Here we are suggesting you should not, say, build your own Nginx. I think the OP is looking for guides on these.

Author: The original is talking about blogs, wiki and e-commerce, so I would infer it's talking about Wordpress, Shopify etc. without mentioning any.

Let me ask for more info on the issue, but I think this edit is still good as a clean up.

Reviewer 2: Yes, much better. The first sentence feels awkward. If we can address the "server from scratch" case it would be good, whether or not we have correctly guessed what the poster wants to achieve from their rant. I think there are two ideas here. Perhaps put into separate paragraphs.

Just a suggestion, but more to my taste because of the structure.

```suggestion
It is impossible to suggest a single off-the-shelf application server that will be the right solution for every possible use case. Some application servers are designed to host and manage blogs, wikis, or e-commerce solutions, while others are more generic. If you're building a dynamic website, take the time to research your requirements and find the technology that best fits your needs.

Most website developers won't need to create an application server from scratch, because there are so many off-the-shelf solutions, many of which are highly configurable.
But if you do need to create your own server, then you will probably want to use a server framework, leveraging its existing code and libraries, and extending just the parts that you need in order to meet your use case.
Only a relatively small number of developers should need to develop a server completely from scratch: for example, in order to meet tight resource constraints on an embedded system.
If you'd like to experiment with building a server, take a look through the resources in the [Server-side website programming](/en-US/docs/Learn/Server-side) learning pathway.
```

Author: Thanks, Hamish, I've committed your suggestion. No response yet on the original ticket, but I think these changes are good.
